Add docs for trim_conandata (#3373)
conan-io/docs: reference/conanfile/tools/files/basic.rst

        def source(self):
            data = self.conan_data["sources"]["mydata"]

conan.tools.files.trim_conandata()
----------------------------------

Available since: `1.61.0 <https://github.com/conan-io/conan/releases/tag/1.61.0>`_

.. code-block:: python

    def trim_conandata(conanfile)

This function modifies the ``conandata.yml`` inside the exported folder in the conan
cache, if it exists, and keeps only the information related to the currently built
version.

> This helper can only be used within the ``export()`` method, it can raise otherwise. One

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helper can only be used within the ``export()`` method, it raises an exception otherwise. One
```
